document nightly binary (#781)
google/heir: docs/content/en/docs/getting_started.md

--canonicalize --cse /path/to/heir/tests/simd/box_blur_64x64.mlir
```

## Using a pre-built nightly binary

> HEIR builds a nightly binary for Linux x86-64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HEIR releases a [nightly](https://github.com/google/heir/releases/tag/nightly) binary for Linux x86-64. This is intended for testing compiler passes and not for production use. 
```
